cv.markdown, before:

---
title: My CV
layout: main
---

[Also available as PDF](http://chrisatk.in/cv)

# Education

## [![The University of Edinburgh](assets/ed.png)](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk)

Master of Science in Computer Science with an emphasis on computer systems, software engineering and high-performance computing. Predicted to graduate with distinction.

<!--Modules: [Parallel Programming Languages and Systems](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/ppls), [Compiling Techniques](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/ct), [Parallel Architectures](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/pa), [Multi-Agent Semantic Web Systems](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/masws), [Extreme Computing](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/exc), [Distributed Systems](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/ds), [Design and Analysis of Parallel Algorithms](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/dapa) and Threaded Programming (at [EPCC](http://www.epcc.ed.ac.uk)).-->

<!--Dissertation title: "Dynamic Parallelism Detection in the Java HotSpot Virtual Machine"-->

## [![University of Keele](assets/keele.png)](http://www.scm.keele.ac.uk)
Bachelor of Science with First-Class Honours (*summa cum laude*) in Computer Science.

<!--Modules included: [Advanced Programming Practices](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-20004.htm), [Computational Intelligence 1](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-20023.htm) and [2](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-30020.htm), [Advanced Databases and Applications](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-30002.htm) and [Communications and Networks](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-30012.htm). I also took additional modules in mathematics, forensic science, Russian language and astrophysics.-->

# Research

## Auto-Threading Compilers
I am currently working on my MSc dissertation, which is investigating run-time profiling of Java Virtual Machine programs. I am working with [Christophe Dubach](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/cdubach) and [Bjoern Franke](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/bfranke) in order to perform memory operation profiling in order to detect parallelism using the Graal compiler infrastructure.

## [Gait Analysis](research/gait-analysis.html)
I interned for three months as part of an interdisciplinary collaboration between the [Institute for Science and Technology in Medicine](http://www.keele.ac.uk/istm/), the [School of Computing and Mathematics](http://keele.ac.uk/scm) and the [School of Health and Rehabilitation](http://www.keele.ac.uk/healthandrehabilitation/). The project was funded by EPSRC and I worked on [low-cost approaches to gait analysis](pub/approaches.pdf).

## [Medical Image Analysis](research/apex.html)
My undergraduate dissertation investigated the use of fractal image analysis techniques within the domain of medical image analysis. The work continued on from several years of research already conducted by my supervisors, [KP Lam](http://www.keele.ac.uk/scm/staff/academic/drkplam/) and [Dave Collins](http://www.keele.ac.uk/scm/staff/academic/davidcollins/) and was a collaboration with the University Hospital of North Staffordshire. The work is forming part of several upcoming publications.

# Experience

## Engineering intern - GuideSpark Inc
Through the [Silicon Valley Internship Programme](http://www.siliconvalleyinternship.com). GuideSpark creates and distributes interactive multimedia for corporate education. I will be working on their backend systems using Ruby on Rails, Backbone.js as well as creating new functionality for their next-generation platform to be released later this year.

August 2013 - September 2014

![Silicon Valley Internship Programme](assets/svip-guidespark.png)

## Teaching Assistant - University of Keele

Departments:

* Foundation Year Centre (*Handing Data*, *Multimedia and the Web*)
* Department of Computer Science (*Virtual Worlds*, *System Lifecycles and Design*)

January 2011 - July 2012


## Software Engineer - Institute for Science and Technology in Medicine, University of Keele
Interdisciplinary collaboration between School of Computing and Mathematics, School of Health and Rehabilitation and the Research Institute for Science and Technology in Medicine. Developed a C#/.NET 4.0 application using Kinect APIs to support data collection as well as C++ and MATLAB data collection and processing applications.

# Teaching
Teaching assistant for the following modules whilst at Keele:

- [Virtual Worlds](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-20024.htm)
- Handling Data
- [System Lifecycles and Design](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-20022.htm) (coursework used for teaching materials)
- Multimedia and the Web

I decided _not_ to be a demonstrator/mentor whilst studying for my Masters degree.

# Honours
 - Member of [Silicon Valley Internship Programme](http://siliconvalleyinternship.com), Class of 2014 (11% accept rate)
 - Bathurst Educational Foundation scholarship (2012, 2013)
 - European Science, Engineering and Technology IT Student of the Year (nomination)
 - Graduated joint top-of-class from Keele 

# Skills
## Languages
Proficient/expert: Java, C, C++, C#, MATLAB, Ruby, JavaScript

Beginner/intermediate: Python, Haskell, AspectJ

## Frameworks and Libraries
*Note: this list is incomplete*

Java: AWT, Swing, RMI, Processing, Graal, ASM, javassist  

C: OpenMP, OpenMPI

C++: OpenNI, OGRE, Open Dynamics Engine

C#: .NET 4.0+, Windows Presentation Foundations, Kinect SDK

PHP: CodeIgniter, Kohona, Fuel, Joomla, [Nova](projects/nova.html)

JavaScript: jQuery, MooTools

Ruby: Rails, Cucumber, Capybara

MATLAB: Image Processing, Computer Vision, Neural Network, Parallel Computing toolboxes

Other: Hadoop, Sun Grid Engine

## Miscellaneous
LaTeX and XeLaTeX, LibreOffice, Microsoft Office, Eclipse, Netbeans, IntelliJ, Visual Studio, Photoshop etc. Excellent theoretical and working knowledge of Unix-like systems (OS X 10.4 and RHEL-based Linux distros especially) and NT-based systems (NT 5.1 onwards).

# Talks
- Low Cost Approaches to Gait Analysis ([poster](http://www.keele.ac.uk/media/keeleuniversity/facnatsci/scm/seminars/Epsam%20poster%20portrait%20chris.pdf), [slides](pub/approaches.pdf)) September 2012, University of Keele


# Misc
- President, Keele University Computing Society (2011 - 2012)
- Secretary, Keele Gliding Society (2009 - 2011)
- City & Guilds Diploma in IT Support (2009)
- Microsoft Certified Professional and Desktop Support Technician (2007 - 2008)
- Young Enterprise regional finalist (2008)
- European Computer Driving Licence (including Unit E) (2006 - 2007)
- Cadet, Combined Cadet Force (Royal Air Force section) (2004 - 2009)

# References
Available upon request.

Last updated June 28 2013

Commit message:

Cleaned up for post university

cv.markdown, after:

---
title: My CV
layout: main
---

[Also available as PDF](http://chrisatk.in/cv)

# Education

## [![The University of Edinburgh](assets/ed.png)](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk)

Master of Science with Distinction in Computer Science. My specialism was Computer Systems, Software Engineering and High-Performance Computing.

<!--Modules: [Parallel Programming Languages and Systems](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/ppls), [Compiling Techniques](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/ct), [Parallel Architectures](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/pa), [Multi-Agent Semantic Web Systems](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/masws), [Extreme Computing](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/exc), [Distributed Systems](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/ds), [Design and Analysis of Parallel Algorithms](http://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/dapa) and Threaded Programming (at [EPCC](http://www.epcc.ed.ac.uk)).-->

<!--Dissertation title: "Dynamic Parallelism Detection in the Java HotSpot Virtual Machine"-->

## [![University of Keele](assets/keele.png)](http://www.scm.keele.ac.uk)
Bachelor of Science with First-Class Honours (*summa cum laude*) in Computer Science.

<!--Modules included: [Advanced Programming Practices](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-20004.htm), [Computational Intelligence 1](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-20023.htm) and [2](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-30020.htm), [Advanced Databases and Applications](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-30002.htm) and [Communications and Networks](http://www.keele.ac.uk/modcat/2011-2/csc-30012.htm). I also took additional modules in mathematics, forensic science, Russian language and astrophysics.-->

# Research

## [Auto-Threading Compilers](research-and-teaching/locomotion.html)
My [MSc dissertation](research-and-teaching/locomotion.html) investigated run-time profiling of Java Virtual Machine programs. I worked with [Christophe Dubach](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/cdubach) and [Bjoern Franke](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/bfranke) in order to perform memory operation profiling in order to detect parallelism using the Graal compiler infrastructure.

## [Gait Analysis](research-and-teaching/gait-analysis.html)
I interned for three months as part of an interdisciplinary collaboration between the [Institute for Science and Technology in Medicine](http://www.keele.ac.uk/istm/), the [School of Computing and Mathematics](http://keele.ac.uk/scm) and the [School of Health and Rehabilitation](http://www.keele.ac.uk/healthandrehabilitation/). The project was funded by EPSRC and I worked on [low-cost approaches to gait analysis](pub/approaches.pdf).

## [Medical Image Analysis](research-and-teaching/apex.html)
My undergraduate dissertation investigated the use of fractal image analysis techniques within the domain of medical image analysis. The work continued on from several years of research already conducted by my supervisors, [KP Lam](http://www.keele.ac.uk/scm/staff/academic/drkplam/) and [Dave Collins](http://www.keele.ac.uk/scm/staff/academic/davidcollins/) and was a collaboration with the University Hospital of North Staffordshire. The work is forming part of several upcoming publications.

# Experience

## Software Engineer (Intern) - GuideSpark Inc
Through the [Silicon Valley Internship Programme](http://www.siliconvalleyinternship.com). GuideSpark creates and distributes interactive multimedia for corporate education. I will be working on their backend systems using Ruby on Rails, Backbone.js as well as creating new functionality for their next-generation platform to be released later this year.

August 2013 - September 2014

![Silicon Valley Internship Programme](assets/svip.png)

## Teaching Assistant - University of Keele

Departments:

* Foundation Year Centre (*Handing Data*, *Multimedia and the Web*)
* Department of Computer Science (*Virtual Worlds*, *System Lifecycles and Design*)

January 2011 - July 2012

![University of Keele](assets/keele.png)

## Software Engineer - Institute for Science and Technology in Medicine, University of Keele
Interdisciplinary collaboration between School of Computing and Mathematics, School of Health and Rehabilitation and the Research Institute for Science and Technology in Medicine. Developed a C#/.NET 4.0 application using Kinect APIs to support data collection as well as C++ and MATLAB data collection and processing applications.

May 2012 - September 2013

![University of Keele](assets/keele.png)

# Honours
 - Awarded distinction grade for Master of Science degree. 10% of degrees in 2013 were awarded this, the highest grade
 - Member of [Silicon Valley Internship Programme](http://siliconvalleyinternship.com), Class of 2014 (11% accept rate)
 - Bathurst Educational Foundation scholarship (2012, 2013)
 - European Science, Engineering and Technology IT Student of the Year (nomination)
 - Graduated joint top-of-class from Keele

# Skills
## Languages
Java, C, C++, C#, MATLAB, Ruby, JavaScript

## Frameworks and Libraries
*Note: this list is incomplete*

Java: AWT, Swing, RMI, Processing, Graal, ASM, javassist  

C: OpenMP, OpenMPI

C++: OpenNI, OGRE, Open Dynamics Engine

C#: .NET 4.0+, Windows Presentation Foundations, Kinect SDK

PHP: CodeIgniter, Kohona, Fuel, Joomla, [Nova](projects/nova.html)

JavaScript: jQuery, MooTools

Ruby: Rails, Cucumber, Capybara

MATLAB: Image Processing, Computer Vision, Neural Network, Parallel Computing toolboxes

Other: Hadoop, Sun Grid Engine

## Miscellaneous
LaTeX and XeLaTeX, LibreOffice, Microsoft Office, Eclipse, Netbeans, IntelliJ, Visual Studio, Photoshop etc. Excellent theoretical and working knowledge of Unix-like systems (OS X 10.4 and RHEL-based Linux distros especially) and NT-based systems (NT 5.1 onwards).

# Talks
- Low Cost Approaches to Gait Analysis ([poster](http://www.keele.ac.uk/media/keeleuniversity/facnatsci/scm/seminars/Epsam%20poster%20portrait%20chris.pdf), [slides](pub/approaches.pdf)) September 2012, University of Keele


# Misc
- President, Keele University Computing Society (2011 - 2012)
- Secretary, Keele Gliding Society (2009 - 2011)
- City & Guilds Diploma in IT Support (2009)
- Microsoft Certified Professional and Desktop Support Technician (2007 - 2008)
- Young Enterprise regional finalist (2008)
- European Computer Driving Licence (including Unit E) (2006 - 2007)
- Cadet, Combined Cadet Force (Royal Air Force section) (2004 - 2009)

# References
Available upon request.

Last updated October 11 2013
